README.md, before:

# Daffa's Data Science Speedrun Journey

This repository contains notebooks and projects related to my data science speedrun journey.

## About

I'm embarking on a rapid learning journey through data science concepts and techniques. This repository serves as a collection of notebooks and projects that I've worked on during this speedrun.

## Resources

- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)
- [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com)
- [Edureka - Data Science Full Course 12 Hours](https://www.youtube.com/live/xiEC5oFsq2s?si=XvMpLoVsGGT80Qq6)
- [NeuralNine - NumPy Full Python Course](https://youtu.be/4c_mwnYdbhQ?si=BV4haj16pcqzHdar)
- [mathantics - Algebra Basics](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4mRaHZim4UQPTOTHTe6uKnRoGSo5GuP4&si=3gDJEYgoPwYasVf2)
- [codebasics - SQL Tutorial For Beginners](https://youtu.be/Rm0xH2Vpfi0?si=7QgTZjdXr5CGO4XF)
- [Keith Galli - Complete Python Pandas Data Science Tutorial!](https://youtu.be/2uvysYbKdjM?si=UQLWEDjXom2Y4WFK)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add new resource "Alex The Analyst - Group By and Aggregate Functions in Pandas"

README.md, after:

# Daffa's Data Science Speedrun Journey

This repository contains notebooks and projects related to my data science speedrun journey.

## About

I'm embarking on a rapid learning journey through data science concepts and techniques. This repository serves as a collection of notebooks and projects that I've worked on during this speedrun.

## Resources

- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)
- [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com)
- [Edureka - Data Science Full Course 12 Hours](https://www.youtube.com/live/xiEC5oFsq2s?si=XvMpLoVsGGT80Qq6)
- [NeuralNine - NumPy Full Python Course](https://youtu.be/4c_mwnYdbhQ?si=BV4haj16pcqzHdar)
- [mathantics - Algebra Basics](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4mRaHZim4UQPTOTHTe6uKnRoGSo5GuP4&si=3gDJEYgoPwYasVf2)
- [codebasics - SQL Tutorial For Beginners](https://youtu.be/Rm0xH2Vpfi0?si=7QgTZjdXr5CGO4XF)
- [Keith Galli - Complete Python Pandas Data Science Tutorial!](https://youtu.be/2uvysYbKdjM?si=UQLWEDjXom2Y4WFK)
- [Alex The Analyst - Group By and Aggregate Functions in Pandas](https://youtu.be/VRmXto2YA2I?si=xa1j8UNM2pzsM6K9)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
